you think I said I don't know it's a
double-header
I got a good 65 pounder
I got an octopus Shaun's probably got an
octopus
okay can I give you a call with a fish
imagine that and this is uh-oh
I'm trying to help except for the fact
that I've got something on my rug to
one-handed tarp Unni yeah yeah
Wow that's good okay can I turn this
thing on this side
55 60 pounder and on this side good 40
pound octopus double-header
god I love it bring over
it's right in his mouth nice look at
he's missing a lot of appendages
hey 1 2 of them are bitten off ya know
that means oh there goes a zinc ya time
income or fish ah
hi bring more ear throw them in be a man
close the box the boat good daddies
Chris Tucker I didn't bring the gaff
either you gotta have two okay there and
they have to lift them right up
it's Sean's birthday ooh
Eddie's cranking wood oh that's a good
one oh is it doing looks like we're
gonna limit out in an hour because we
got this got the big octopus but we
decided to let it go to appease the gods
I think we at least have a picture we
have got lots of good footage of the
octopus that was a big octopus like 60
pounder and this looks like a big house
Oh
is there enough drag off to let him run
or her run so we just had a tripleheader
marina woke up because well we need her
fishing license so get up Maria no more
sleeping there Sean I got two
and good hundred pounder under the vote
easily on it boy did it scream it went
on the first random good 35 seconds of
just nothing stopping it
taking line taking line okay so we're
gonna bring it up now right here right
now we go oh oh she took that easy huh
just tick the hit easy just bleeding
good no fight yet okay cuz we're running
out of to tie the halibut to the
boat go come on back get it up nice
unbelievable
look look how close we are come on
there's Mary Todd come on Oh
unbelievable there's the bull launch we
just popped out ten minutes inside
dropper lying here it's like why not
this is the old how the grounds he's got
one okay I gotta get the harpoon ready
you